op-guide: add cross DC deployment guide (#818)
pingcap/docs: op-guide/cross-dc-deployment.md

---
title: Cross-DC Deployment Solutions
category: deployment
---

# Cross-DC Deployment Solutions

> As a NewSQL database, TiDB excels in the best features of the traditional relational database and the scalability of the NoSQL database and is of course, highly available across data centers (hereinafter referred to as DC). This document is to introduce different deployment solutions in cross-DC environment.

Author: :exclamation:

## 3-DC Deployment Solution

> TiDB, TiKV and PD are distributed among 3 DCs, which is the most common deployment solution which the highest avaiability.

Author: :exclamation:

> TiDB, TiKV and PD are distributed among 3 DCs, which is the most common deployment solution which the highest avaiability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB, TiKV and PD are distributed among 3 DCs, which is the most common deployment solution with the highest availability.
```
